Hi everyone. It's a new week. Today is
Monday, April the 27th. My name is
Anne-Marie Bant. And this is the Money
Ball Morning Report.
News by Benzinga Pro,
charts by TrendSpider,
data analytics and forensic data
analysis by tradewave.ai,
and
gamma flows by Menthor Q. So,
you know, Mondays we always take a look
at the daily. Let's go back one more and
take a look at the weekly. See what
we've got. We are still trending up,
folks.
Here's what we do notice, though. You
see this technical divergence here?
We are accelerating into an exhaustion
event.
At which point, it will begin to pull us
back down
into congested zones. So, prepare for a
rotation. Momentum tells us that we are
not moving up with the same speed that
we began moving down.
Um that we began moving up with. Okay?
That is all the way over here. And
again, you can see
that technical divergent play out in
this formation. And that is
a high, and then a lower high between
October and November. And here we are
seeing it again. We have this high
for November
all the way to February. And now, here
we are in April,
and we have a lower high bounce.
So, all of this tells me we're moving
into an exhaustion event that's going to
pull us closer to the moving average.
Doesn't mean we're going to break down
and really look rough, but we're we're
going to have a sticky bit ahead of us.
We'll either go sideways and jagged
until this 50 catches up, or
we're just going to dump right down into
it. As I've mentioned many times, big
traders, investment houses, they're all
hedged for the drama.
And that is why the market has been very
hard
uh to really
dip and digest. It's more of a dip and
then off we go again. So, we'll be
seeing those sorts of things. All right.
Big line in the sand for us to watch is
the low of around 7170.
Markets gave us a really great pull back
into that area in the pre-market, but it
hasn't really lifted too much. I mean,
yeah, we got 20 points, but that's not
chicken feed, but
well, maybe it could it could be chicken
feed. Just lots of chickens. So, here's
what we're staring down, 30 minutes.
Let's take a look at how the market has
formed over the last couple of days.
Here's the closing region of the day.
Fairly solid volume. We're going to draw
a box around the
closing volume candle. That's MOC.
That's the MOC candle, market on close.
And here is
the MOC,
except it's the MOO.
Market on open. All right? Market on
open, market on close, we gapped down,
but if you watch me on
uh Market Kickoff, I said, "Hey, listen,
dips are going to be buys."
And indeed, they were. They were
absolutely beautiful buys with the floor
sitting right at that pivot. And so,
we're going to be watching the pivot
number, 7177 7177 today. And then, if it
loses that pivot,
potentially,
instead of 7170, we come all the way
into
7160.
Right? At which point,
we should lift again. Dips are still
buys here. Our momentum is mixed,
but dips are buys. When will it become
dangerous to buy the dip?
Well,
if you bought
a very shallow dip, like the one here
into the top of the MOC candle,
you're going to have some some problems.
If you buy the deep dips, you're going
to be fine all the way down to 7145
and even 7131. So, how do you sort that
in your mind?
Well, for me, I look at the 200. If the
200 is up,
and my
market on open candle is below my market
on close candle,
I'm going to be buying my dips.
If I decide I take a short, it's going
to be very quick.
If I decide I'm going to take a long,
and I lose my edge, let's say I take a
long at the pivot, 7177.
I literally could still have buying
pressure that exists all the way down
here to the zero DTE put wall at 7130. I
don't want to hold it for 40 points. So,
I'm going to say, "Hey,
I'm going to cut it off right at the
edge, 7170, 7172."
Five to eight points,
and then that's giving me a shot to the
upside. Right now, the VWAP is flat, so
we got sideways motion.
Here is
the open
of our
candlestick formation.
That's the candle open, there's the
candle close, and the close happens to
be right down on the pivot. So, right
now, this 7185 appears to be a good
support zone in general.
All right? Buy the dips are here. If
you're looking for somewhere that says,
"Hey, exactly buy this with X many
points of stop,"
you know, you can easily do that.
Buy 7185
with
12 points of a stop.
That's what happens when you got markets
that look like this. I don't want to
stop 12-point stops.
I want us to come in and see price
immediately move with us.
That's going to be the goal. Okay?
Let's go to the NQ.
And of course, if you've got if you're
in a funded program, or
you know, you're working towards a
funded program, might I say that it
would be better for you to use
micros
at this juncture.
Micros would be ideal. Let's go to the
weekly chart of the NQ. We can see
Look at that bounce. Gigantic. Same sort
of divergence
from this high to this low. Trend is
still up, so dips are still buy.
The gamma wall between positive and
negative gamma is fairly far away,
26,500.
Almost
800 points away.
Uh almost 1,000 points away, actually.
If we look at 26,500. So,
we are in positive gamma flow for the
week. We're still doing dips are buys.
Trending up.
We are very far from the 50 simple
moving average,
um even on the 4-hour formation. We're
very far
from that moving average. So,
we're getting a little long in the
tooth.
This could be
uh
buy the rumor, sell the news, because we
are beginning the week for
earnings with the semis. So, that being
said,
we got to pay attention. Now, let's take
a look at the MOO and the MOC.
Very tight
MOC candle,
market on close, as I mentioned, 3:30 to
4:00.
This is the range. We opened
just at the edge and broke it on the X.
And now, here we are sitting just above
it.
Candlesticks inside of each other. This
looks very range-bound
to me today, but
dips are buys. The pivot
makes a pretty nice region for you to
step aside, let it fade, and then come
back to the area.
You want it to push through the 50
simple moving average if you buy that
dip at 24,000
27,300.
If you do not
uh
breach the 50 simple moving average,
meaning you don't get up, you know, 80
points, 90 points above that pivot,
it's probably a good thing to take your
money and run. Okay?
The put wall in the NQ is
27,000
350. So, it could be in the way. A
little sticky. Right? The
MOO. It'd be funny if we started calling
it the moo candle, right?
The moo candle.
Um
There are a lot of people that believe
MOC is much more important than MOO, but
we we don't care about that. We're just
looking. Okay?
If indeed price action pulls back,
and we lose the pivot, watch for it to
come into either the high
or the open of Friday's M
OO. Right? So, the high of Friday's
market on open candle is 27,260.
Then it drops to 210. So, that really is
your floor of contention.
Value area high, very far away. This
chart is much more extended
than the ES. We can see a a of rotation
in the charts because these guys and
gals that are trading the ES, the NQ,
the YM, they are
uh following different patterns. Very
different patterns and I believe that
has to do with rotation.
We'll see. We'll see what uh We'll see
what gives. All right. Next in line is
micro Bitcoin.
Let's take a look at the week in micro
Bitcoin. They have tried very hard to
get up over these edges.
Resistance is still clearly 80,000. I
mean, there is so much supply up there.
Crazy.
That being said, we've got ourselves a
bottoming formation potentially.
So, dips are still buys here in an
upward trending 200. If we go to the
daily, we can see that trend is
downward.
But, we now have support on the 50
beneath. Okay? So, in the short run, we
still have a disconnect. We have a 200
that's down on the day
and a 200 that's up on the week. So,
traders are battling. Where are they
battling?
This area here at 80,000.
Let's remove all our annotations for
today.
We can see the very big volume candle
that came in in Feb
6th. That's my brother's birthday.
All right. So, here's Feb 6th.
And we are breaking out of the the 1.5
of the Fibonacci there. Could we easily
come back in? Yes, absolutely. What
would be the ideal
bullish structure if the markets gave it
to us? The ideal bullish structure would
come here at the retest of 71,600. That
would be 600. That would be absolutely
fantastic. Okay? That's That's really
what we would be looking for. Right now,
it's very heavily congested and we can
see this gamma wall at 80,000 is
absolutely
putting
uh a temp a temper on it. Okay? And so,
value area low, 81,750.
If we go to the 30-minute chart, let's
take a look at the key candles
for
Bitcoin.
This one is a 1:30 candle and this one
is a 7:00 a.m. candle. So, these are all
news-related.
We don't see any dramatic
spikes in a time frame.
Um we have 7:00 and then, of course,
the MOO candle,
the market on open candle, does give us
some extra volume, but
not a ton and we're under it. We are
also That's why today is sideways. Take
a look at this.
The MOC candle and the MOO candle
are giving us
sideways formations.
So, I suspect we go sideways today with
deep dips being buys. Notice, we
reverted all the way into the 200.
This dip could be a buy.
But, price action says, if you buy it,
you want to make sure you don't hold for
some sort of monstrous number, but
it's very likely to come back and test
the regions of
congestion. And that is 77,800 value
area low, value area high 78,840.
Notice the pivot, it's right in the way.
But, trend is up on the tight moving
averages. Momentum is bullish. It's just
above zero.
Right? It's an old bull.
It's just sort of lumbering around, but
still bullish. So, your target zones
probably
I would estimate to be somewhere around
the Globex opening candlestick
formation, which gives us 78,650 to
79,310
as the target. Let's go to early.
Okay.
Let's remove all the annotations. We're
starting the week. Let's start the week.
Here are we.
Here we are.
This big candlestick from the beginning
is still holding all of the price
pressure.
Momentum is not divergent.
It's holding steady on the weekly.
But, we are still caught in here.
And as long as we stay caught in here,
it's going to be more likely that dips
are going to get bought
and bounces are going to get sold.
This is what I suspect we're going to be
visiting
in general.
Okay? So, the highest candlestick of
recent time,
last month or so,
is the candlestick on What day is this?
March 10th.
So, this is the candle
that we are sitting
inside of at this juncture.
Came right up to 113. 120 is the top.
It's very interesting. So, this is the
actual box that we are staring down. Let
me make sure that this is visible on Oh,
cruckles.
It's only visible on the daily.
Uh let's see.
That's the entire March 10th candle.
Let's go all the way to 30-minute.
And
let's see if we can get March 10th in
here. It's pretty far away.
Nope, not giving it to us.
So,
currently,
we have to go to the daily to see what
those levels are. Let me just mark
a few of them.
Here's what we have.
106,
113,
120,
91,50,
Nope.
84,
20, about.
And
76,80.
What I am going to do is clone this to
the downside in case we do see
downward flow.
At which point, we can take a look at
I don't know I have this uh
this fib here. Let's
reverse.
Well, wait. Um
98,
80. Okay, now reverse.
I need this line at 98,80. I don't know
why I didn't put it up there.
Okay?
So, that is
also
a line and then the downward flow on the
Fibonacci gives us
extended motion to the downside.
I don't think we see that, folks. And if
we do see it,
they're going to be buying it hand over
fist. It's going to look like the It's
going to look like this only on the
bottom.
That's my supposition. Okay. So, a lot
of people saying, "Hey, this is a head
and shoulders pattern, blah blah blah."
You know, I don't trade those.
Uh they're they're too uh
subjective
for my analytics. So, let's let's stare
it down.
Let's take a look at the most uh
the heaviest flow from candlestick
formations.
We've got these two at 1:00 p.m. and
1:30 p.m. I am going to put a line a
box, excuse me, around both of them.
And this would have occurred on Thursday
of last week.
This entire formation of traders getting
involved here are still
engaged.
This is the gamma wall.
Breaking this box set them into the
gamma wall and then they recovered. So,
what do we want to see?
Do we come into
Friday's lower pivot below the gamma
wall at $93.40
and then bounce? Or
do we stay higher? That's where our
decision zone is going to be.
To be sure, it seems likely that if it
loses 94,50, it will recapture it. But,
it could drop all the way to 93,40 and
indeed 92,75,
which would really uh hurt a regular
account. The pivot, it would hurt any
account, to be sure. $95 and the anchor
VWAP trying to hold this zone.
Dips are buys,
but it's very messy.
Very, very messy.
This 11:30 candlestick,
oil has become
incredibly reflexive with news.
Probably because people are trading one
side to pull it off quickly
based on
I'm going to say it, insider trading.
There we have it. Okay? So, there it is.
At least we know.
Um
you know, we know.
Uh high, we could go to 97,50.
Boy, I've been talking a long time. But,
chopping around here. What's the moral
of the story? Great big spikes are going
to get sold. Great big dips are going to
get bought.
If you are in a trade or great big dip
or great big spike comes, if it's in
your favor, get out immediately. Don't
think you're going to hold on for the
moon.
And if it's against you, make sure
you've got your stop
tight
enough
that if it comes in and wicks you,
you're not going to lose your account.
I do not belong to the to the camp of
hey, just make the stop really wide.
Why? So I can dig myself out of a hole
if it happens to fade? No. Put your
wishing order in
if you think that's going to be the case
or get out really quickly.
All right, let's talk about gold.
Last night I had a short in gold. I
said, "Hey, listen, I'm only taking it
to 4685 or 4686." And literally
it came right into those numbers. Began
to bounce. I got out of the trade.
And
it
recaptured the VWAP
and moved all the way to where?
4740.
We talked about this line
as being near the 200.
Now, notice what the chart is trying to
do.
This is a flag.
What kind of flag is this?
It's a bear flag.
If you believe gold is going to increase
right now and that's your game,
your long is going to be right around
this area, 4710,
4720.
Is the 50 moving up? Yes.
Is the VWAP moving up? Yes.
Is the 200 moving up?
No. So we have two out of three.
So you know it's small size.
And now let's take a look at their
closing candles to find out
how the chart Well, no. Let's go to the
most voluminous candles. Do you like
that word?
It's a Monday morning word. Oh, there
you go.
We look at the We look at the most
voluminous candles
and
we see where
the chart is relative to that framework.
So interestingly,
this is
a 10:00 a.m. candle.
The 1:30 candle over here is the natural
closing candle. The 10:00 a.m. candle
here gives us, you know, wider ranges,
but we're inside of the box. So easily,
we could go from bottom of the box to
the top of the box. What's in the way?
Well, anchored VWAP from Thursday.
Um
sellers at 4740.
But that's what I would like to see.
Not bad to buy at all.
You just want to be careful holding on.
And if this wave that you're seeing
stalls out at this
4740,
you want to get out. If it stays put,
you don't lose the lows of your nearby
candles, you're going to be able to go
to 4750 and then maybe even 4760.
Okay? Let's take a look at spy.
How's spy running?
Spy's very interesting right now. Um
It's holding
holding pressure.
MOC candlestick.
Pretty important.
They're right inside of that MOC. So
where they going to go? Uh to the top of
the MOC, 715?
715?
So what's the score after that? Well,
I'd probably take some gains. But if you
wanted to hang on,
then the midpoint of
that box
would be your stop. And that is around
71380.
Um
yeah. Dips are clearly buys. We're above
the pivot. Both moving averages are up.
The VWAP is up. Your momentum is high.
And it is not divergent. So everything
here says buy the dip.
Right? The opening candlestick formation
of Friday
is very far below.
Could we have some news that gave us a
savage dip? Yes. So
if you lose the base of the 4:00 a.m.
candlestick formation, pulls back and
you don't bounce,
you know, it's probably going to come
into that pivot. If it loses the pivot,
then you want to look at the market on
open candle. All right? And that
market on open candle is down here.
The high is 711.
711 is quite an amazing place if you're
in Japan.
And then 710
.75.
All right? Going to be an interesting
day. Lot of news. You're going to be
careful.
Manage your flow and good luck. Take
care, everybody. I'll see you on the
streams.